Add job posting how to guide (#697)
carpentries/docs.carpentries.org: topic_folders/communications/guides/share-opportunities.md

## Sharing Job Postings and other Community Opportunities

> The Carpentries has three main mechanisms by which to share job postings and other community opportunities: One is within our newsletter, [Carpentries Clippings](https://carpentries.org/newsletter/) the second is our [#jobs channel on Slack](https://join.slack.com/share/zt-jw6ndhkl-rKyqtKGiBZnVtojOUDtgLw)and the third is the [opportunities mailing list on Topicbox](https://carpentries.topicbox.com/groups/opportunities).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Carpentries has three main mechanisms by which to share job postings and other community opportunities: One is within our newsletter, [Carpentries Clippings](https://carpentries.org/newsletter/) the second is our [#jobs channel on Slack](https://join.slack.com/share/zt-jw6ndhkl-rKyqtKGiBZnVtojOUDtgLw) and the third is the [opportunities mailing list on Topicbox](https://carpentries.topicbox.com/groups/opportunities).
```

### Sharing Postings on Carpentries Clippings
Carpentries Clippings is a biweekly newsletter to members of our community featuring community news, program updates of note, and opportunities relevant to the wider Carpentries community.

In order to share a job posting that we will feature in Carpentries Clippings, please follow the [Sharing Relevant Announcements](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/communications/guides/submit-news-item.html) guide.

### Sharing Job Postings and other Community Opportunities on Slack
Once you have read the criteria above and joined the #jobs channel on The Carpentries Slack, you can share relevant announcements to the group. Please include the following information when posting:

- Job Title
- Organisation
- Location (if applicable)
- Posting/Application Deadline
- Link for more information and to apply

Note: Please do not request that applicants or those interested in the opportunity contact you by DM.

If a post does not contain the above or does not meet the criteria outlined earlier, then a member of The Carpentries Core Team will reach out to you via Slack DM to address the concerns and suggest modifications.

> In cases where this process is not able to be carried out effectively (such as if the posting is by a spam bot), the Core Team will remove the posting, and with repeated instances of this, will potentially remove the account from the #jobs channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where this process is not able to be carried out effectively (such as if the posting is by a spam bot), the Core Team will remove the posting, and with repeated instances of this, will potentially remove the account from the #jobs channel.
```

### Sharing Job Postings and other Community Opportunities on the "opportunities" Mailing List on Topicbox
Posting opportunities to the ["opportunities" mailing list](https://carpentries.topicbox.com/groups/opportunities) requires one to be a member of the group. 

To join the group, navigate to the mailing list and click "Join The Conversation" and enter the required information. Once you are a member of the group, please include the following information when sharing a posting.

- In the title field please include the opportunity title and organisation
- In the body of the message, include other relevant information about the opportunity including deadlines, links to apply and learn more, location (if applicable)

> Once you have submitted the posting, moderators for the opportunity will approve the posting or reach out to you if the posting does not meet the criteria to address the concerns and suggest modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have submitted the posting, moderators of the mailing list will approve the posting or reach out to you if the posting does not meet the criteria to address the concerns and suggest modifications.
```
